Add AKS/EKS instructions (#1649)
grafana/beyla: docs/sources/security.md

Some Linux distributions define higher levels for `kernel.perf_event_paranoid`, for example Debian based distributions [also use](https://lwn.net/Articles/696216/) `kernel.perf_event_paranoid=3`, which disallows access to `perf_event_open()` without `CAP_SYS_ADMIN`. If you are running on a distribution with `kernel.perf_event_paranoid` setting higher than `2`, you can either modify your configuration to lower it to `2` or use `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` instead of `CAP_PERFMON`.

### Deploy on AKS/EKS

> Both AKS and EKS environments come with kernels that have `sys.perf_event_paranoid > 1` set by default, which means Beyla needs `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` to work (see [[#Performance monitoring tasks]]). If you'd prefer to use just `CAP_PERFMON`, you can configure your node to set `kernel.perf_event_paranoid = 1`. Below, we’ve provided a few examples of how to do this. Keep in mind that your results may vary depending on your specific setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both AKS and EKS environments come with kernels that by default set `sys.perf_event_paranoid > 1`, which means Beyla needs `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` to work, refer to the section on how to [monitor task performance](#performance-monitoring-tasks) for further information. 

If you prefer to use just `CAP_PERFMON`, you can configure your node to set `kernel.perf_event_paranoid = 1`. We've provided a few examples of how to do this, keep in mind that your results may vary depending on your specific setup.
```

> Both AKS and EKS environments come with kernels that have `sys.perf_event_paranoid > 1` set by default, which means Beyla needs `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` to work (see [[#Performance monitoring tasks]]). If you'd prefer to use just `CAP_PERFMON`, you can configure your node to set `kernel.perf_event_paranoid = 1`. Below, we’ve provided a few examples of how to do this. Keep in mind that your results may vary depending on your specific setup.

Reviewer 2: The issue is likely to happen in `we’ve` where it should be `we've`. This error happens when you first write the text in rich-text editors e.g. Google Docs, and then copy paste the text here.

> Both AKS and EKS environments come with kernels that have `sys.perf_event_paranoid > 1` set by default, which means Beyla needs `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` to work (see [[#Performance monitoring tasks]]). If you'd prefer to use just `CAP_PERFMON`, you can configure your node to set `kernel.perf_event_paranoid = 1`. Below, we’ve provided a few examples of how to do this. Keep in mind that your results may vary depending on your specific setup.

Author: Very nice catch @mariomac , thank you!

```json
{
  "sysctls": {
    "kernel.sys_paranoid": "1"
  }
}
```

**Create or update your AKS cluster**

```sh
az aks create --name myAKSCluster --resource-group myResourceGroup --linux-os-config ./linuxosconfig.json
```

For more information, see "[Customize node configuration for Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) node pools](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/custom-node-configuration?tabs=linux-node-pools)"
#### EKS (using EKS Anywhere Configuration)

**Create a configuration file**

```yaml
apiVersion: anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/v1alpha1
kind: VSphereMachineConfig
metadata:
  name: machine-config
spec:
  hostOSConfiguration:
    kernel:
      sysctlSettings:
        kernel.sys_paranoid: "1"
```

**Deploy or update your EKS Anywhere cluster**

```sh
eksctl create cluster --config-file hostosconfig.yaml
```

#### EKS (modifying node group settings)

**Update the node group**

```yaml
apiVersion: eks.eks.amazonaws.com/v1beta1
kind: ClusterConfig
...
nodeGroups:
  - ...
    os: Bottlerocket
    eksconfig:
      ...
      sysctls:
        kernel.sys_paranoid: "1"
```

Use the AWS Management Console, AWS CLI, or eksctl to apply the updated configuration to your EKS cluster.

> Fore more information see "[Operating system](https://anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/docs/getting-started/optional/hostosconfig/)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information refer to the [EKS host OS configuration documentation](https://anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/docs/getting-started/optional/hostosconfig/).
```
